"Kyren Williams did well with the volume he was given last season, but if Sean McVay sees Blake Corum as the better option, that's what he will go with.  The 83rd Overall Pick is pretty high draft capital to give to someone you don't plan on using, and I think Corum could play a role in this offense during his rookie year.  The starting back in this offense with the other weapons and Stafford running it as a steady hand should always have a shot at fantasy relevancy, and Corum could earn that role with a fresh set of legs in the first year."

Blake Corum - I doubt camp will tell us fully, but the Corum-Kyren split in the Rams backfield has huge implications. I already like Corum as a Kyren handcuff (I think he gets all the snaps if Kyren goes down) but if he’s getting some goal line work and mixing in for 30%+ of snaps then he could have stand alone value too.

It’s an interesting situation, where I’m not particularly high on Corum’s talent, but his situation offers some interesting questions. It’s not ideal to be behind a RB like Kyren who was so effective last year, normally he’d have little chance to overtake him. In McVay’s system though the RBs are so valuable that even the handcuff for his starter holds value, and added value considering Kyren’s injury history.
Even though I’m not high on Corum’s talent I don’t see him coming close to taking Kyren’s job as the starter, I’m confident he’d be a top 5 RB if Kyren did go down due to the system. And if McVay wants Kyren to get some rest and allow Corum to work in, especially around the goal line where he was so effective in college, Corum could have flex upside as the RB2 on his team.
