"Rome Odunze - Also potential for top 15 WR talent in the league but something would need to happen to DJ Moore or Keenan."

Some of the smartest people in the world at this and some of the most reputable big boards have Rome Odunze as closer to being the best WR prospect in most years. 

It feels weird to say that Odunze was the WR3 of this year’s draft class, but he was. In a class that gave us Marvin Harrison Jr. and Malik Nabers, Odunze somehow became an incredible consolation prize for the Chicago Bears. Odunze is an elite route runner who dominates in contested catch situations. He can win at every level of the field and has a fair shot to eat into both Allen and Moore’s snaps. That being said, it looks to be more of a slow burn for Odunze, who will have to earn that playing time behind two of the league’s best pass catchers. So why does he make the sleeper list? The answer is the late season and the playoffs for fantasy football. Odunze has already been one of the stand-outs in camp, even with limited preseason playing time. Odunze hits on every marker for a winning wide receiver sleeper except for the 135 target mark, and that is a pace he could be running at come playoff time, even if he isn’t there all season long. Odunze could win people their championships this season.

Odunze for sure. He has an elite WR1 talent and profile and is already demonstrating great rapport with Caleb Williams. He's one of the few guys you listed I could see finishing top 12. I understand DJ Moore and Keenan Allen are very proven commodities, but I think Odunze is genuinely more talented than either of them. 